Welcome to Cengage’s simulation
on Heating and Air Conditioning.
This simulation includes great resources
such as interactive assignments,
videos, assessments,
and other study tools that can engage students
and improve outcomes.
This guided walkthrough will help you
understand and become familiar with
the simulation.
When you start your assignment from MindTap,
you will see this screen.
Using the Simulation plays this video.
Understanding the Concepts
is a video that helps you
obtain a deeper understanding of the concept
being presented in the simulation,
offering real-life applications,
formulas behind various concepts,
safety precautions, etc.
Enter Simulation will launch the simulation.
After clicking on “Enter Simulation,”
you will be taken to this screen.
The user interface is created in a way
that you can access this information
either from your desktop or mobile devices.
Throughout the interface,
voice-based guidance assists you
through the different activities.
Components on the screen can be dragged
and repositioned using mouse
or finger gestures on touch-based devices.
Let’s begin by reviewing the menu bar.
The plus and minus buttons
help you to zoom in or zoom out
on a particular part of the screen to see
intricate details.
You can mute or unmute the audio
by clicking this button.
When an activity starts,
the audio gives you instructions for that activity.
If you need to repeat the instructions,
you can click this button to replay.
Clicking repeatedly on this button
will step back through the voice guidance
one block at a time.
By default,
the closed captions are switched on,
you can click on this button to switch it off.
This button provides you with additional
Service or Supplemental Information.
Work Instructions, wiring diagrams,
and other such information is provided here.
Clicking this button opens a sub-menu.
You can read a brief task description
for the activities by clicking the task menu.
At any point during the simulation,
if you want to see the video
Understanding the Equipment or Concepts,
you can click this button.
The full list of simulation activities
are listed here.
By default,
the activities progress in sequence,
you can move between activities
by selecting the activity on this menu.
An activity can be completed only once.
When you finish an activity,
you will see a check mark next to it.
If you have partially completed an activity,
and you want to exit or move to another activity,
you will lose unsaved work on that activity.
In some simulations,
a tool tray icon is displayed.
Clicking the tool tray will open a window
with tools that will be needed for that activity.
Multiple activities constitute a simulation.
Depending on the simulation,
there may be instructional screens or pop-up
questions to check your understanding.
Clicking on the close button
reports the scores of the completed activities
and quits.
Once you finish working on all the activities,
you will be taken to the review questions
to check your learning outcome.
Here is how the simulation
determines your score.
As you complete a task,
scores are tracked and displayed
here on the screen.
If you perform an activity correctly
on the first attempt,
you will get 3 points.
You get 2 points if you get it right
on the second attempt
and 1 point if you get it right on the third attempt.
After the third incorrect attempt,
the answer is highlighted.
Completing the activity correctly
after the answer is disclosed
doesn’t award you any points.
For every correct pop-up
or review question, you receive 1 point.
When you are done with all the activities
and review questions in the simulation,
your score is displayed.
You can see your detailed performance
by clicking on the
“View Performance Report” button.
The Performance Report
provides you the details of your performance
by showing your total score,
percentage,
time elapsed in completing the simulation,
number of attempts, and more.
You can download your performance report
for future reference.
The performance report
will also be stored for future review